good one Mike we'll be right back my mom
says you have to go home no think are
your friends car guys car guys talk
horsepowers they talked acceleration
they talk big fat tires now I not invite
your pals over and give them something
to really talk about
introducing the four-wheel-drive
passport from Honda
you can never win this see what life
might feel your way to a hose ready for
a photo opportunity cuz I take my little
em along with me it's the shore shot em
you can never really know which way the
winds of chance made boom so with always
a diff all the photo opportunity if I
take my little em along with me the sure
shot him from cannon crack open a
smoother better draft I strapped
it's ice food chilled below freezing
they
from now on a cold draft just isn't cool
enough asked for ice draft oh
Budweiser Oh check this baby out puppy
tremor it's a 10 on the Richter scale a
major trend bank get off the wrong don't
get mad get healthy our position
handlebars 15 speed click shift October
here's mud in your eye from America's
first choice stuffy no AVI
dig the shape of new freedo scoops
hey dude sup dibs
and holes down drips
you dig the taste I know what I like a
lot riedel's new scoops corn chips come
on Tommy